{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11580\viewh11800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Localio (Formerly known as Metal Gear Geo II)\
\
You are a [(male)/female] with a [Name:Roy]\
Gain [points:0]\
\

\i ~Localio: New Game~\
Enter your name: Roy\
Enter your gender: male\
Enter a friend's name for a boy: James\
Enter another friend's name: Chris\
Enter a girl's name: Lauren
\i0 \
\

\i //Out to play//
\i0 \
\
James: Hey! Check out what I have!\
Chris: Nice! Can I try it?\
Roy: I never thought I'd actually see one in person, but there it is: The Ninja Turtles blimp. Isn't that thing expensive?\
James: Yeah, but my mom got it for me for my birthday.\
Roy: Wow...\
\
[play with the blimp until it breaks]\
\
Roy: I can hear my mother calling me. I guess I should go home.\
\
Going home sometimes reminds me of my younger years. if I deviate from my usual path, and look towards our old house, it seems so much smaller now. That was a long time ago. It's a wonder that I remember anything from those years. I remember the [nights/days] being just like [today/tonight]. Well, it's [time]. I'm supposed to go back home right now. There's not much here to see anymore.\
\

\i ~Localio Tutorial~\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 As you play Localio, you will need to visit different places. But Localio is different from a regular story. You will get to choose where you go in the real world. It's time for [Roy] to go home. Your game will now save, and close. Relaunch Localio when you have gone Home. You'll go home very often, so don't pick a place you only go once in a blue moon.
\i0 \
\
=off=\
\
=on=\
\
Tasks: (O) Pick a place to call Home.\
Map:Current Location\

\i ~Localio Tutorial~\
Your only task, currently, is to go somewhere and steak out a new place. That place right now is [Home]. When you're ready, select the task.\
\
=select Pick a place to call Home=\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 ~Localio Tutorial~\
Welcome home! Home will provide a few functions. The most important of all, for now, is saving. Walk around your home to define its footprint. When you walk around a zone, it can be as small as ten feet, or as large as a few acres. Every time you come back to an area like Home, Localio will recognize that you have arrived so you can continue playing there. The larger you make an area, the more travelling you'll have to do, but the more points you'll gain by travelling. The smaller the area, the easier the game will be. For example, you could make your back yard a zone, and your front yard a zone separately. You won't receive as many points for traversing only a few yards though. If you're on a laptop, you should specify your location using the mouse. Locations determined from IP addresses are often inaccurate.
\i0 \
\
\
\

\b Ninja Turtles Blimp\
*Tie Your Shoes\
Men Don't Cry\
Painting TV Eye\
Selling Shirts & *Driving the car\
half way point - Moving Away (lose NPC friends, make real ones)\
Bike Club (with everyone)\
Laser Tag (with friends)\
Final Fight\
\
\
\

\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
----------------------\
| Scratch board |\
----------------------\
\
\
\
Perhaps a 3D augmented reality view. For example, the house, the yard, and the tree. You wouldn't have to be particularly close. It would use the compass more than anything else just to look around in a scene and pick out clues.\
\
Going on a bike ride could gain you extra traveling points. If you do it with a friend, then it could become a race. [define a course by riding it] [check in to the start line with your friend] [complete the race] [compare scores] or try to beat your previous times. Running could be the same (in my case, I would play Localio while at the Nog Run thus "augmenting" both experiences in to one with my imagination)\
\
The 3D Token could still be used, but in a more DIY kind of way. If it could be easily constructed from paper & a ping pong ball, then that could work out pretty well.\
\
The story is much about how I remember childhood. Much of the activities will be playing with toys I remember fondly, or being places I remember well, and the friendships I lost track of.\
\
}